hey guys welcome back to the channel
this is going to be a tutorial for the
look that I was wearing in my top five
beauty innovations video using the melt
cosmetics lovesick shadow stack I am
starting it all off with Smashbox is 24
hour photo finished shadow primer and
i'm using my index finger to apply that
all over the moving part of my lid up to
beneath my eyebrow and my lower lash
line i'm starting off this look with the
shadow called lovesick it's this
beautiful deep burgundy red wine and i'm
using the crease brush from makeup geek
to apply that in my crease you can see
the supplies really strongly at first
all the shadows are very pigmented so it
just takes a lot of blending to get the
smooth even transition that you'll see
on the other eye then using that same
brush I'm going into the shade blur
which is another shadow from a different
stack this is the Dark Matter stack I'm
using that to blend that transition out
to up beneath my brow moving onto the
lid shade this is called Amelie and it's
a beautiful peachy gold duochrome I'm
using a flat shader brush to apply that
like I said all over the lid right up
until it meets that shade in the crease
next it's time to add some depth to the
outer corner and to do that I'm using
the shade fixated it is this beautiful
mid-tone matte blue gray and I'm using a
flat shader brush to begin applying that
to my outer corner and then start
blending it towards the center of my
eyelid using a blending brush onto the
lower lash line i'm using the shade
promiscuous and a smaller flat shader to
sludge that beneath my lower lashes
moving on to a product that was actually
in that top five beauty innovations
video it is a mascara and liner in one
from the brand my cosmetics this is
their total meet liner and mascara so
you can see I just extended the liner
tip from the one and applied that to my
upper lash line to create a nice
relatively thick dramatic ween then I'm
going in with yet another product I
featured in that same video this is the
Tyra Banks oops liner and corrector i'm
using the corrector side to really clean
that line up i am great well relatively
good when it comes to my right wings but
find that the corrector tool is an
awesome one to have on hand for my left
eye then i'm just going in here and
applying the mascara to finish off the
eye look and for some extra glamour on
the lashes i am using the glamorous
false lashes from socialize and the
foundation in this look is one that if
you watch my videos you will definitely
recognize it appeared in recent
favorites video because i've been loving
it so much it's the Physicians Formula
nude where touch of glow foundation of
applying that using the Becca the one
perfecting brush which I think just
applies it flawlessly and so quickly
this is yet another recent favorite it
is the Beca ultimate coverage concealing
cream mine is in the shade praline and
this is the technique that i mentioned
in my favorites video when i talked
about this product i pat it's a really
tacky formula so to keep from dragging
it across your under eye area i find
it's best to pat with my ring or middle
finger and i find that it's just the
perfect technique to get the complete
full coverage look without piling it on
too much to set all of that foundation
and concealer i'm going in with my
hourglass ambient lighting palette and i
first used dim light to set my concealer
using the narrow end of that becca brush
and now this is where i'm using radiant
light to go in and bronze moving on to
the cheeks here i'm going into the Stila
field of florals convertible color dual
lip and cheek palette and i am blending
the shades peach blossom and gladiolus
to create the perfect peachy pink hybrid
I'm dabbing that first on the apples of
my cheeks then taking clean fingers I'm
using that to blend it out and last as
usual I am finishing off with the lips I
am only using one product today this is
ramon show off lip velvet in the shade
atomic Rose I'm just applying that all
over that is everything you need to
create this look thank you guys so much
for watching please don't forget to
check out links to the reviews of the
milk cosmetic shadows that I use
throughout this tutorial will be in the
in for below beyond that thank you again
so much for watching please don't forget
to subscribe if you haven't already and
you'll see you in the next video bye